Update grpc bbes (#3086)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/proto-to-ballerina/proto_to_ballerina.md

# Proto to Ballerina

> If you already have protocol buffer file for your service(s) you can use that to autogenerate Ballerina source code. Currently, Ballerina supports two types of code generation. `service` generation generates a mock version 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already have a protocol buffer file for your service(s), you can use that to generate the Ballerina source code. Currently, Ballerina supports two types of code generation. `service` generation generates a mock version 
```
